agent: Remove `enable-remote-node-identity` flag (#31228)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/operations/upgrade.rst

  please rely on Cilium's metrics to monitor status of endpoints. Example metrics include: ``cilium_policy``, ``cilium_policy_endpoint_enforcement_status``,
  ``cilium_controllers_failing`` and ``cilium_endpoint_state``.
  More detailed information about specific endpoint status information is still available through ``cilium-dbg endpoint get``.

> * The deprecated helm option ``remoteNodeIdentity`` has been removed. This should have no impact which used the previous default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The deprecated Helm option ``remoteNodeIdentity`` has been removed. This should have no impact on users which used the previous default
```

Reviewer 2: `on users who used the previous default` 
A bit out of context here... from what I can tell this option defaulted to `true`. Based on this doc would there be impact then if users had unset it i.e remoteNodeIdentity=false?

Reviewer: Correct, users had to manually set it to `false` to have an upgrade impact. If no value was not provided, it defaulted to true.

>   value of ``true``: Remote nodes will now always use `remote-node` identity. If you have network policies based on

Reviewer: Docs build is failing due to `remote-node` not using double quotes:

    `remote-nodes` -> ``remote-nodes``

> * The deprecated helm option ``enable-remote-node-identity`` has been removed. The default value ``true`` which is the default behaviour
>   cannot be changed. Remote nodes cannot be set to another identity than `remote-node` from mow.
>   If you have network policies based on ``enable-remote-node-identity=false`` make sure to update them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The deprecated helm option ``remoteNodeIdentity`` has been removed. This should have no impact which used the previous default value of ``true``: Remote nodes will now always use `remote-node` identity.
  If you have network policies based on ``enable-remote-node-identity=false`` make sure to update them.
```
